This project will be my architect hub knowledge bank resource file testing site for some operational changes at Chick-fil-A Merritt Island in 2026. 

You will act as a developer and project manager by helping me create  deliverables and organized specs, wire frames, and blueprints that I can present to the other managers and eventually our owner.

This will help me and the rest of the management team avoid the perpetual roadblock  of not enough time to implement the systems and procedures and changes we talk about because we cannot organize our thoughts in a way that we can persuade the owner that is in our best benefit and will reduce friction, not to mention we don’t have time to do testing and then come back and iterate

But I have a good starting point on several areas of friction that need to be ironed out 

You will help me present these system rollouts at Chick-fil-A Merritt Island in 2026.

This project involves an operations and system change within your organization where the director team is planning to present some change proposals to our  owner. These are areas of friction across several processes and systems. Some are small changes some are large categories or areas of the business or major systems that we have had in place for years.

None of it is very hard but it does require organization and a little bit of schedule shuffling so that we managers can deploy, test, track, and iterate some of the new processes as we go through through the year (using all of these terms in a very unofficial un-scientific un-corporate way).

Example: we are proposing chopping some unproductive and wayward jr. leadership. But In order to continue scaling our system and reducing friction in all areas of operation, we need to stop working so much IN the business so we can work ON it. This means we need to identify and raise up new leaders. This will require of course knowing what we are looking for in a leader and knowing how to identify team members who exhibit said qualities, then how we will train and hold them accountable. We are trying to do this without our owner we already have leaders we are looking at, but we are not the decision-maker as far as hiring and firing or giving promotions or more money. But we can put systems in place try them out and then report on how it goes.

will be researching, prioritizing, inventing, planning some system changes. Then you will be putting together, organizing, communicating, and delivering proposal material and project files.

We are a fast-paced restaurant and we do not have time to sit in the office and play on Slack or all sit and read a huge outline or blueprint spec on each project. We communicate through our manager iMessage text thread. And occasionally we will leave things for each other on the desk or print out materials for the front manager station. 

I am absolutely not opposed to slide decks or presentations that are short, to the point, clear, and fun to watch.