#promote #context #inbox #Claude #Prompt #skill #7shifts #Schedule #Automation

This is a brain dump for Claude code context to read an analyze and understand so it can find patterns and identify things in the schedule that are making it difficult to automate and repeat from week two week.

There are Marriott parameters around the schedule each week, including but not limited to staff availability, staff performance, legal child labor law parameters, projected sales, shift template and layout, time off requests, new employee training, spring break sales increase, day of the week crowds, time of day, transitions from morning to afternoon to evening staff, leader schedules, Position skill level, and I’m sure there are more.

Before we even think about automating or having you control my 7shifts Web app or print the daily roster, I need your help analyzing the data and figuring out how to troubleshoot the sticky spots.

You will need me to feed you all sorts of data I am sure. Passed schedules, staff availability, employee roster, front of house back of house assignments and employees, positions and roles, schedule template, etc. I have just taken over this task of creating the weekly front of house/service schedule , but I have a good grasp on what we need why we need it and how each day part is supported by staff. The tough part is how best to schedule minor so brakes do not interfere with service, whom to schedule when, how to make sure we have enough support during transitions, how to make sure we have enough leadership scheduled, how to stay within everyone’s availability and requested maximum weekly hours, and then how it all fits together each day.

What do you need from me? Can we start this plan now, or do you have any initial questions before we begin?

Also, note that I will be using Claude Op. 4.6 for this because it is a deep difficult task, so I need to be really careful about tokens. Take this into consideration and tell me how fast to preserve my tokens as we analyze and plan.